Delivery was not made on time because of the severe weather.
All flights were delayed due to fog.
Give them specific instructions so as not to confuse them.
They need to compromise in order to put an end to the dispute.
In spite of numerous obstacles, he achieved his ambition.
Despite threats, he stood up for justice and liberty.
From time to time, Tom entertains his clients at fancy restaurants.
Every now and then, I look back on my childhood.
He didn't obey the command because it was against his principles.
A survey indicates most people are in favor of the proposal.
A lot of people are opposed to the current welfare system.
In short, his political view is the opposite of ours.
"Mind if I borrow your encycolopedia? I need to look something up." "Not at all. Go ahead."
According to rough calculations, it will cost you less to own a house than to rent it.
I'll lend it to you as long as you take care of it.
He got into his Porsche and headed for the border.
My uncle twisted his ankle when he got off the bus in a hurry.
There are few vacancies not only in permanent but also in temporary positions.
We used to look down on Bob, but now we look up to him.
The military official appeared in court as a witness.
The day before yesterday Tom disappeared without a trace.
The disease may cause symptoms such as fever and a dull headache.
We will give you a discount if you purchase quantity.
The host in impatient because the guest of honor hasn't shown up yet.
They are working behind the scenes to avoid unnecessary conflict.
Everyone will object if such an ugly object is put up here.
The building is laid out so that it won't ruin the landscape.
He lay down on his side with his knees bent.
Everybody accused me of telling a lie. But I swear I didn't!
The wages are not likely to rise, so I might as well quit right away.
We won't allow the government to raise taxes any further.
Controversy arose over the origin of the solar system.
In general, people respond better to praise than to criticism.
The moment he reffered to it. she burst into tears and turned away.
This chart illustrates how your brain reacts to stimuli.
The party's policy has been polished to appeal to the middle class.